README.md, before:

# dotfiles (🐧 Omarchy, 🍎 MacOS)

![Wallpaper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/basecamp/omarchy/refs/heads/master/themes/tokyo-night/backgrounds/1-scenery-pink-lakeside-sunset-lake-landscape-scenic-panorama-7680x3215-144.png)

## 📀 OS Download

- [Omarchy](https://omarchy.org/)
- [MacOS](https://rickrolled.com/?title=Download+MacOS&desc=How+to+download+and+install+macOS)

## ⚔️ Brace yourself 
1. Install [age](https://github.com/FiloSottile/age) for chezmoi encryption
1. Install [chezmoi](https://www.chezmoi.io) to init and manage this repo
2. Install [zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Installing-ZSH#install-and-set-up-zsh-as-default)

## 🛫 Insert before flight

![Piotr Fronczewski - The Polish voice behind the narrative in Baldur's Gate II](https://static.prsa.pl/images/a27d63a8-3495-4f29-ac70-62f97e40def8.file?format=400)
<br/>
**"Przed wyruszeniem w drogę należy zebrać drużynę"**
<br/>
**("You must gather your party before venturing forth")**

- [ohmyzsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh) - A delightful community-driven framework for managing zsh configuration. 
- [lsd](https://github.com/lsd-rs/lsd) - Next gen ls command

## 🧛🏻‍♂️ Theming
<img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6920e5d-0804-40ae-84ce-eed89cddfdc5" />
<br/>

**One [theme](https://draculatheme.com). All platforms.**

- [zsh](https://draculatheme.com/zsh)
- [OS](https://draculatheme.com/omarchy) (Omarchy only)
- [Wallpaper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/basecamp/omarchy/refs/heads/master/themes/tokyo-night/backgrounds/1-scenery-pink-lakeside-sunset-lake-landscape-scenic-panorama-7680x3215-144.png)

Commit message:

chore: add info for ohmyposh and keychain

README.md, after:

# dotfiles (🐧 Omarchy, 🍎 MacOS)

![Wallpaper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/basecamp/omarchy/refs/heads/master/themes/tokyo-night/backgrounds/1-scenery-pink-lakeside-sunset-lake-landscape-scenic-panorama-7680x3215-144.png)

## 📀 OS Download

- [Omarchy](https://omarchy.org/)
- [MacOS](https://rickrolled.com/?title=Download+MacOS&desc=How+to+download+and+install+macOS)

## ⚔️ Brace yourself 
1. Install [age](https://github.com/FiloSottile/age) for chezmoi encryption.
1. Install [keychain](https://archlinux.org/packages/extra/any/keychain) package (Omarchy only)
1. Install [chezmoi](https://www.chezmoi.io) to init and manage this repo.
1. Install [zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh/wiki/Installing-ZSH#install-and-set-up-zsh-as-default).

## 🛫 Insert before flight

![Piotr Fronczewski - The Polish voice behind the narrative in Baldur's Gate II](https://static.prsa.pl/images/a27d63a8-3495-4f29-ac70-62f97e40def8.file?format=400)
<br/>
**"Przed wyruszeniem w drogę należy zebrać drużynę"**
<br/>
**("You must gather your party before venturing forth")**

- [ohmyzsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh) - A delightful community-driven framework for managing zsh configuration. 
- [lsd](https://github.com/lsd-rs/lsd) - Next gen ls command.
- [oh-my-posh](https://ohmyposh.dev) - The most customizable and fastest prompt engine for any shell.

## 🧛🏻‍♂️ Theming
<img width="400" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b6920e5d-0804-40ae-84ce-eed89cddfdc5" />
<br/>

**One [theme](https://draculatheme.com). All platforms.**

- [zsh](https://draculatheme.com/zsh)
- [OS](https://draculatheme.com/omarchy) (Omarchy only)
- [Wallpaper](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/basecamp/omarchy/refs/heads/master/themes/tokyo-night/backgrounds/1-scenery-pink-lakeside-sunset-lake-landscape-scenic-panorama-7680x3215-144.png)
